Do I really not have the ability to manage the company?
No, it's because...
This
How did you get in?
You get out
What right do you have to let me out?
Do you still think you are the largest shareholder here?
Your father, grandpa, uncle, aunt
All shareholders boycott Zhang Ruonan together
Are you cheap or not?
The whole company has been ruined by you
Oh mom
You give me some time to PR and I can solve it.
The media in Heijiang City all listen to me
You want public relations
Okay, kneel down and beg me, I don't
You unfilial daughter
Until today, you still refuse to admit your mistake to Mr. Lin
You look at me and I hit you
It's all gone.
I see it's impossible
How did it become parallel?
The richest man in Heijiang cannot pursue love
Angry
What's wrong everywhere
Which one did this?
I deleted it.
I didn't expect Hei Jiang to receive the award
Have an opinion on Lao Tzu